# EmailServerSettings

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SourceAddr** | **string** | The email address that appears in the &#39;From&#39; header line in email messages generated by PingFederate.  The address must be in valid format but need not be set up on your system. | 
**EmailServer** | **string** | The IP address or hostname of your email server. | 
**Port** | **int64** | The SMTP port on your email server. Allowable values: 1 - 65535. The default value is 25. | 
**SslPort** | Pointer to **int64** | The secure SMTP port on your email server. This field is not active unless Use SSL is enabled. Allowable values: 1 - 65535. The default value is  465. | [optional] 
**Timeout** | Pointer to **int64** | The amount of time in seconds that PingFederate will wait before it times out connecting to the SMTP server. Allowable values: 0 - 3600. The default value is 30. | [optional] 
**RetryAttempts** | Pointer to **int64** | The number of times PingFederate tries to resend an email upon unsuccessful delivery. The default value is 2. | [optional] 
**RetryDelay** | Pointer to **int64** | The number of minutes PingFederate waits before the next retry attempt. The default value is 2. | [optional] 
**UseSSL** | Pointer to **bool** | Requires the use of SSL/TLS on the port specified by &#39;sslPort&#39;. If this option is enabled, it overrides the &#39;useTLS&#39; option. | [optional] 
**UseTLS** | Pointer to **bool** | Requires the use of the STARTTLS protocol on the port specified by &#39;port&#39;. | [optional] 
**VerifyHostname** | Pointer to **bool** | If useSSL or useTLS is enabled, this flag determines whether the email server hostname is verified against the server&#39;s SMTPS certificate. | [optional] 
**EnableUtf8MessageHeaders** | Pointer to **bool** | Only set this flag to true if the email server supports UTF-8 characters in message headers. Otherwise, this is defaulted to false. | [optional] 
**UseDebugging** | Pointer to **bool** | Turns on detailed error messages for the PingFederate server log to help troubleshoot any problems. | [optional] 
**Username** | Pointer to **string** | Authorized email username. Required if the password is provided. | [optional] 
**Password** | Pointer to **string** | User password.  To update the password, specify the plaintext value in this field.  This field will not be populated for GET requests. | [optional] 
**EncryptedPassword** | Pointer to **string** | For GET requests, this field contains the encrypted password, if one exists.  For POST and PUT requests, if you wish to reuse the existing password, this field should be passed back unchanged. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewEmailServerSettings

`func NewEmailServerSettings(sourceAddr string, emailServer string, port int64, ) *EmailServerSettings`

NewEmailServerSettings instantiates a new EmailServerSettings object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEmailServerSettingsWithDefaults

`func NewEmailServerSettingsWithDefaults() *EmailServerSettings`

NewEmailServerSettingsWithDefaults instantiates a new EmailServerSettings object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSourceAddr

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetSourceAddr() string`

GetSourceAddr returns the SourceAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceAddrOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetSourceAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceAddrOk returns a tuple with the SourceAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceAddr

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetSourceAddr(v string)`

SetSourceAddr sets SourceAddr field to given value.


### GetEmailServer

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEmailServer() string`

GetEmailServer returns the EmailServer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailServerOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEmailServerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailServerOk returns a tuple with the EmailServer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmailServer

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetEmailServer(v string)`

SetEmailServer sets EmailServer field to given value.


### GetPort

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetPort() int64`

GetPort returns the Port field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPortOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetPortOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetPortOk returns a tuple with the Port field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPort

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetPort(v int64)`

SetPort sets Port field to given value.


### GetSslPort

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetSslPort() int64`

GetSslPort returns the SslPort field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSslPortOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetSslPortOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetSslPortOk returns a tuple with the SslPort field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSslPort

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetSslPort(v int64)`

SetSslPort sets SslPort field to given value.

### HasSslPort

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasSslPort() bool`

HasSslPort returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeout

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetTimeout() int64`

GetTimeout returns the Timeout field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeoutOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetTimeoutOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetTimeoutOk returns a tuple with the Timeout field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeout

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetTimeout(v int64)`

SetTimeout sets Timeout field to given value.

### HasTimeout

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasTimeout() bool`

HasTimeout returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetryAttempts

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetRetryAttempts() int64`

GetRetryAttempts returns the RetryAttempts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetryAttemptsOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetRetryAttemptsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetRetryAttemptsOk returns a tuple with the RetryAttempts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetryAttempts

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetRetryAttempts(v int64)`

SetRetryAttempts sets RetryAttempts field to given value.

### HasRetryAttempts

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasRetryAttempts() bool`

HasRetryAttempts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetryDelay

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetRetryDelay() int64`

GetRetryDelay returns the RetryDelay field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetryDelayOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetRetryDelayOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetRetryDelayOk returns a tuple with the RetryDelay field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetryDelay

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetRetryDelay(v int64)`

SetRetryDelay sets RetryDelay field to given value.

### HasRetryDelay

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasRetryDelay() bool`

HasRetryDelay returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUseSSL

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseSSL() bool`

GetUseSSL returns the UseSSL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseSSLOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseSSLOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUseSSLOk returns a tuple with the UseSSL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseSSL

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetUseSSL(v bool)`

SetUseSSL sets UseSSL field to given value.

### HasUseSSL

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasUseSSL() bool`

HasUseSSL returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUseTLS

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseTLS() bool`

GetUseTLS returns the UseTLS field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseTLSOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseTLSOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUseTLSOk returns a tuple with the UseTLS field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseTLS

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetUseTLS(v bool)`

SetUseTLS sets UseTLS field to given value.

### HasUseTLS

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasUseTLS() bool`

HasUseTLS returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVerifyHostname

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetVerifyHostname() bool`

GetVerifyHostname returns the VerifyHostname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVerifyHostnameOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetVerifyHostnameOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetVerifyHostnameOk returns a tuple with the VerifyHostname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVerifyHostname

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetVerifyHostname(v bool)`

SetVerifyHostname sets VerifyHostname field to given value.

### HasVerifyHostname

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasVerifyHostname() bool`

HasVerifyHostname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders() bool`

GetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders returns the EnableUtf8MessageHeaders field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnableUtf8MessageHeadersOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEnableUtf8MessageHeadersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnableUtf8MessageHeadersOk returns a tuple with the EnableUtf8MessageHeaders field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders(v bool)`

SetEnableUtf8MessageHeaders sets EnableUtf8MessageHeaders field to given value.

### HasEnableUtf8MessageHeaders

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasEnableUtf8MessageHeaders() bool`

HasEnableUtf8MessageHeaders returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUseDebugging

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseDebugging() bool`

GetUseDebugging returns the UseDebugging field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseDebuggingOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUseDebuggingOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUseDebuggingOk returns a tuple with the UseDebugging field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseDebugging

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetUseDebugging(v bool)`

SetUseDebugging sets UseDebugging field to given value.

### HasUseDebugging

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasUseDebugging() bool`

HasUseDebugging returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUsername

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUsername() string`

GetUsername returns the Username field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsernameOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsernameOk returns a tuple with the Username field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsername

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetUsername(v string)`

SetUsername sets Username field to given value.

### HasUsername

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasUsername() bool`

HasUsername returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptedPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEncryptedPassword() string`

GetEncryptedPassword returns the EncryptedPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptedPasswordOk

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) GetEncryptedPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEncryptedPasswordOk returns a tuple with the EncryptedPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptedPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) SetEncryptedPassword(v string)`

SetEncryptedPassword sets EncryptedPassword field to given value.

### HasEncryptedPassword

`func (o *EmailServerSettings) HasEncryptedPassword() bool`

HasEncryptedPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


